so today what I think I'm gonna do
instead of a meditation is I'm gonna
tell you guys a story about Dharma so
meditation can be a lot of different
things but one of them is reflection and
so this is kind of like a substitute for
meditation so I'm gonna tell you a story
about a guy named pshhh ma and what I
want you guys to do is just think in
because people are asking about the
Tomasz so this is a this is a story
about Dharma and the goal here is people
are asking like how do I find my Dharma
so let me tell you sorry about pshhh
mind then let's see like what you guys
can understand about Dharma so the first
thing is that how drama means duty or
responsibility and it's my belief that
one of the best ways to move forward in
life is to like live your Dharma and
find out what your thought Imai is
because that gives you strength so there
was a guy named Shantanu I think it was
Chandan
and he got married and he had a kid
named Peshwa and then he ended up
divorcing his wife for reasons that will
be another story for another day
and so it's like father and son so
father's King and then his son Bheeshma
is gonna be Crown Prince and so Bheeshma
is like a really fantastic son he's very
wise he's very talented he's a good
warrior he has good judgment he has good
morals so he's like a wonderful he's
gonna be a wonderful Crown Prince and so
his dad is very content because his son
is like growing up to be the man that he
wants him to be so everything is fine
and dandy
one day Shantanu is out hunting
and he actually takes like a barge so he
takes his chariot on a barge and the
barge gets like like he takes the barge
across the river and the barge like the
barge person the person who pushes the
barge is a young woman who is very very
attractive and he falls in love with her
and so he sees this hottie and he's like
man she is amazing and he hasn't like
Bheeshma is like 25 at this point so
he's all grown up and and so then he's
like but she's also like bhishma's age
so he's like oh that's like silly I
can't get into that but he's like he's
smitten right and so then he goes back
and he's like he finishes his hunt and
then goes back and then over the next
couple of days like patience and
observant and dutiful son so I noticed
is that his dad is
yeah barge like a boat it's like a boat
woman so he notices his dad is
distracted right and so he says hey Dad
like what's up it seems like you're not
all here and then his dad is like oh
it's nothing it's nothing it's nothing
and then he's like no really dad like
what's going on what's going on so he
pushes his daddies pushes his dad and
then his dad finally says hey so I'm
like I know this is a little bit
shameful but like I like met this woman
and I can't get her out of her head and
she's completely like it's completely
inappropriate for me to like want to
marry her
you know my first responsibility is to
you but like you know I know nothing can
come of it so don't worry about it but
that's what's on my mind and then what
do you guys think pshh Moe says
you
that's what I get for asking to it chat
yes so he says what I think most of you
are saying which is which is this is
like hey man that's fine by me like you
do you you know like follow your heart
and if you wanna if you want to like go
for it
like go for it like I have no problem if
you want to get married like you haven't
had a wife for many years and if it
makes you happy like go and do it with
my blessing so as that is actually
overjoyed he's like yeah right so dad
goes and goes to the the woman her woman
is like the the girl's father is like
sort of like head of the boat people and
so he goes to the boat king and he's
like hey so I'd love to get your
daughter's hand in marriage and then the
boat king set is like overjoyed because
this is a huge step up right and so he's
like oh like I'd love it if my daughter
marry you like thank you so much for
showing interest in her I'd love it if
you married her you're welcome to marry
her but I have some conditions and then
the king is like what conditions and so
the boat king is like well look so I
understand that you love my daughter but
I can't bear the thought of my daughter
being a second-class citizen in anyone's
household even the Kings so like I I'm
happy that you want to be like like that
you want to be you know married to her
but if you marry her I need you to
promise me that her children will
inherit the throne and that you need to
pass over Bhishma as Crown Prince
because a queen whose children are not
going to inherit is like no Queen at all
so I need my daughter to come first in
your household and that's just what I
have to you know that's just those are
my conditions so what do you guys think
pshh Moe's dad says
you
what do you think
absolutely right he's like [ __ ] you [ __ ]
this I'm out of here
so pshh miss dad goes and then he's like
so pshh was dad is like super depressed
now he's like solid emo you know like
wearing his goth makeup and stuff like
that and pshh my notices and he's like
dad what's wrong what's wrong he's like
he seemed more bummed out than even
before and he's like no no no like I'm
fine I'm fine there's no big deal no big
deal no big deal and then this time his
dad refuses to tell him it's like not
gonna say [ __ ] so then pshh boy goes to
his charioteer and he says hey man like
my dad we had this conversation my dad
seemed really upbeat because I was like
yeah man go follow your heart
and then he woke up the next morning he
went out hunting and like what happened
because he came back and he's been
wearing his goth makeup ever since and
and then the charioteer is like well I
don't know what what happened but I can
tell you that like you know I took him
to go see the boat King and he was
really happy before he saw the boat King
and then when he walked out of the boat
Kings hot he was super upset and soapy
she was like okay let me go see what's
going on so Bheeshma goes down to the
boat King and he walks in and he says
excuse me sir
I'm pshh moe and the boat King is like
yeah I know who you are he's like well
I'd like to I'm curious can you tell me
a little bit about what you and and my
dad talked about and the boat King says
well sure I can I can tell you and I'm
sorry but you know I'm happy to share it
so your dad asked for my daughter's hand
in marriage and I said I'm happy to to
have her marry you but I have conditions
and then Bhishma was like well what
conditions and he's like it's nothing
against you bro I think you're fantastic
but I can't have my daughter be a
second-class citizen in anyone's
household so I asked your King I asked
your dad that if he marries her her kids
have to be in line for the throne and
she has to be like number one in the
household and then your dad turned me
down which is fine no hard feelings and
then P Sh'ma says but wait wait wait
actually like I have no problem with
that like I understand that my dad was
not willing to pass me over but I have
no problem giving up the throne
and so if I give up the throne will you
let your daughter marry my father and
the guy says yeah absolutely
but I have some additional conditions
and Bheeshma is like what do you mean
additional conditions like I said I
would give up the throne he's like yeah
I get I get that you would give up the
throne but here's the thing one day
you're gonna have kids and my daughter's
gonna have kids and they're gonna be
about the same age and sometimes this is
how civil wars start right because your
kids you're willing to give up the
throne but your kids may not be eight it
may not be willing to they may have a
chip on their shoulder because you were
supposed to inherit and you gave up the
throne and they could actually start a
civil war with my grandchildren so what
I need you to do is swear to never get
married and never have children and what
do you guys think Bhishma says he says
so be it and he vows to never have he
gives up the throne vows to never have
children and never get married
and so pshh MA in Sanskrit means one who
makes a terrible vow I don't know if
terrible is like a pun if it means like
a shitty vow or like a like a big vow
and so now this is a story about
tomorrow okay so now I'm gonna ask you
guys so you guys think that the the boat
king is an evil guy right so let's think
about Dharma so the big problem is we
think about good and evil in Western
society we think about an absolute
morality of good and evil in Eastern
stuff they think about Dharma so let's
think about who is doing their Dharma so
who are the different people in in the
story there's Shantanu there's Bhishma
and there's the boat king arguably the
daughter but right so let's start with
shock-like let's start with P Schmid's
dad is P Schmid's dad doing his Dharma
what do you guys think what is his
tournament
what is that what is that Shawn thenews
Dharma the king so do you guys think do
you think the king is doing is the
Dharma yes or no okay so now I want you
guys to look at twitch chat right so
this is why the Dharma is confusing
because for such a simple question
there's a lot of like confusion about
what the answer is so this is why
stories are important so I want you guys
to think about this and think about what
says done so let's move on bow king the
villain of the story right can we all
agree that the boat king is the villain
right like people are people are see now
that was even confusion because earlier
if you guys when I was talking about the
boat king when I was like ah but I have
additional conditions everyone's like
[ __ ] that guy [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] that guy
Yeah right so what does the boat Kings
Dharma so like I want you guys to go
back and like if you want to watch the
vadouvan watch your emotional reaction
to the [ __ ] area of the boat King but
when we talk about Dharma do you guys
think yes right so the boat king is
doing his Dharma his thermos to look out
for his daughter now we come to the hero
of the story because Bhishma is a
[ __ ] hero in all these stories
what does pshhh Mazda herma and did he
do his Dharma he's the one who
sacrificed right he gave up everything
for the sake of dad yeah man sacrifice
masculinity right like those are all
like is he a good let's start with this
is Bhishma a good guy is he a good guy
is he good dude
what's his alignment you guys play D&D
what's his alignment
who here plays D&D so everyone agrees
Bheeshma is a good guy
and absolutely right he's [ __ ] lawful
good right low int low wisdom but lawful
good good so he's a good guy he's
Bhishma doing his Dharma
so what why isn't he doing his Dharma
you're right paladin
he's sacrificing for his family why
isn't that isn't that doing your Dharma
he's giving everything up is it that
noble and wonderful and shouldn't we
aspire to be Noble and wonderful and
sacrifice for the people that we love
yes you guys are right so his first
dharma is to the kingdom this is the
other thing a son does not sacrifice for
a father or father sacrifices for a son
that's the direction right and it's not
entirely correct it goes somewhat both
ways but in general when it comes to
like who takes a bullet for who like I
take a bullet for my kids not the other
way around
so Bhishma does not do his turn so this
is why things are confusing right
because we're saying that like oh like
the villain in the story the [ __ ] in
the story is so what's the boat king's
alignment let's play this game this is
fun game I've never played this game
before right what's the boat king's
alignment
he's not neutral
traditional you guys think really
okay I kind of envisioned it as lawful
evil but if you guys think true neutral
you all have the boats right
so this is why Hana is confusing so I
want you guys to take a step back and
think about this right so the hero of
the story is not doing his thermal and
the villain of the story is doing his
time
so the problem is that when we think
about what we should do in life how do I
discover what I'm supposed to do in life
we think about an axis of good and evil
we think like oh like I should do this
or I should do this but don't think
about good and evil think about in Tana
MO what's your duty what's your
responsibility it may not be good it may
not be evil
so think about your Dharma
you
[Music]
okay
all right I'm gonna just take a look at
featured chat and see if we have any
questions okay
[Music]
you
okay so here's a question so what if
your Dharma in life is something
negative is they're not supposed to be a
balance between good and evil so there
has to be evil people as well some
people's Dharma has to be evil no I
disagree so my point here is that like
evil and good or sorta like I mean I
don't think that they're just
conceptions but that it's more
complicated than that and I think what
you should always try to do is live here
at the anima and oftentimes that's good
things but you should understand that
blind goodness and blind evil are not
actually better that sometimes your
Dharma is to look out for yourself
and that you shouldn't like ascribe to
just a standard set of morals in my
opinion or like the standard set of
morals is doing your Dharma but that
things are actually more complicated and
that life is not black-and-white and
their shades of gray so to think about
what your responsibility is right so
like if your parents are like if your
parents are pissed at you there's a
certain amount that they may have that
is right and there's a certain amount
that they may have that is wrong in that
if you have conflict with your parents
like are you doing your entire mode to
your parents if you're living at home
and like not earning money and living in
like your parents basement
playing video games all day you're not
doing your Dharma to that you're not
doing your autonomy to yourself
like what is your tournament like start
there and it doesn't have to be
something grand like when I think about
my diorama it's to help gamers and that
sounds like grand and like Oh like but
it's just like I just like I get up and
I stream right that's just what I do and
I just open my [ __ ] mouth so like
what's your dharma like it doesn't have
to be grandiose like in Skye's case it's
not to like repay all these debts it's
to take care of himself
it's to live a life without regrets
right it's not about success or failure
its to live a life without regrets to
give it your all and to go for Mount
Doom come hell or high water that says
them and that's your tournament to start
there start by taking care of yourself
forget about the rest of the world
start by taking care of yourself
start by eating healthy start by
meditating start by polishing up your
resume start by cleaning your room
start by understanding that you deserve
a better life that you're owed a better
life that it's your government to have a
better life and that you are doing
yourself a disservice you are not living
up to your Dharma to not take care of
yourself
so start by doing you're talking about
to yourself forget about the rest of the
world that comes later
I spent 16 years or 14 years taking care
of myself and putting myself first now I
can help you because I'm you know I have
to take care of myself I had to do
something
I had to gain skills and power and
capability and knowledge and then you
can go help the world you're gonna save
the world like you know what sure you
can be a hobbit but like it sure as hell
helps if you're [ __ ] Gandalf or
Aragorn or Gimli or Legolas like they
spent their time learning and training
and then they can do something in the
world so start there
yeah you got a level up first okay so
I'm gonna sign off but it was great to
see you guys again thank you all for
coming and thank you to sky